feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553f3fc92741c2bf8ded140.md

---
id: 6553f3fc92741c2bf8ded140
title: Step 49
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-49
---

# --description--

> Inside your function body, replace the `text` and `shift` variables with `message` and `offset`, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your function body, rename the `text` and `shift` variables to `message` and `offset`, respectively.
```

# --hints--

> You should replace `text` with `message`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should rename `text` to `message`.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /for\s+char\s+in\s+message\.lower\s*\(\s*\)\s*:/)
```

> You should replace `shift` with `offset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should rename `shift` to `offset`.
```
